Technical Challenge 
The Challenge 
Using Rust, code a mini project that: 
1. connects to two exchanges' websocket feeds at the same time, 
2. pulls order books, using these streaming connections, for a given traded pair of currencies (configurable), from each exchange, 3. merges and sorts the order books to create a combined order book, 
4. from the combined book, publishes the spread, top ten bids, and top ten asks, as a stream, through a gRPC server. 
Background 
Markets 
A market is generally a pair of currencies and an exchange where they are traded. For example, ETH (Ethereum) and BTC(Bitcoin) are a pair that together form a traded ‘symbol’, - ETHBTC. This means you can buy or sell ETH using BTC as the ‘pricing’ currency. 
Order books 
Orders at which people are prepared to buy and sell are sent to an exchange, such as Binance. The exchange will usually match the buy and sell orders that approach a market ‘mid-price’. The difference between the best ask price and the best bid price is called the spread. 
The final, merged order book should have the best deals first. That means, if I am selling currency and I want to be the first one to sell, I should be at the best position for this, which means I am selling at the lowest price. Think about this when sorting each side of the order book. 
gRPC 
GRPC (https://grpc.io/) is a Remote Procedure Call protocol. If you have used anything like GraphQL or Thrift, it should be fairly familiar. If not, it is not difficult to learn! If you are new to RPC you may even find you prefer gRPC’s structured and typed protocol over HTTP Methods. 
For this challenge you can use this protobuf schema to create your gRPC server:

Relevance 
At Keyrock we calculate and stream prices for markets as part of liquidity services and strategies we provide for clients. By gathering order books we can use the top bids and asks to find a fair mid-price. Once we have a mid-price for a market, we can calculate strategies for opening orders in that market. This journey begins with first streaming the current public market order-books internally to our data aggregation and analytics services. This first step is the background to this challenge. 
Further information 
The chosen exchanges for the challenge are Binance and Bitstamp, but you could eventually choose 2 other exchanges.. Binance 
Docs for Websocket connection: https://github.com/binance-exchange/binance-official-api-docs/blob/master/web-socket-streams.md Example API feed: https://api.binance.com/api/v3/depth?symbol=ETHBTC 
Websocket connection URL for Binance: wss://stream.binance.com:9443/ws/ethbtc@depth20@100ms 
Bitstamp 
Docs: https://www.bitstamp.net/websocket/v2/ 
Example API feed: https://www.bitstamp.net/api/v2/order_book/ethbtc/ 
Example Websocket usage: https://www.bitstamp.net/s/webapp/examples/order_book_v2.html 
(Please note, documentation could change / be updated by the exchanges at any time) 
For the configured symbol (e.g. ETH/BTC) the code should fetch the 10 best/lowest asks and the best/highest bids. The output will be a stream of an orderbook created from merging the exchanges' books. 
The output should be standardised to this type of format (with 10 asks and 10 bids):

Here you can see arrays of [ price, amount ] values in JSON representation - but your solution will be streaming from a gRPC server. Values here are made up examples and do not represent what your solution should output 
You should do this from the Web-socket endpoints the exchanges offer (see links below for docs). We want to be able to provide a pair (that will exist in the exchanges) and have your code stream the spread and the top 10 asks and bids for each exchange 
This description is intentionally brief so that you have flexibility in how you solve the challenge. You can decide how to present the results, e.g. You may decide to create some kind of CLI wrapper for the tool so it can be used from the command line, or you may decide to make it usable from a URL in some way. This part is not as important as solving the main challenge but feel free to show off - this is your opportunity to show us what you already know - or as a way to express your opinions about how this type of tool/service should be built. Bear in mind that speed is one of the most important factors for us operationally. 
Notes 
1. Ask for clarification if something doesn’t make sense in the challenge description, or you are not sure of what it means. 2. Communicate as much as you can regarding the challenge and also during the coding of the challenge. Think of it as time spent working with us. You will not be judged negatively if you ask a simple question just to verify your approach, for example. You can ask questions by email, or get on our Slack where we will be happy to reply when we are online (we’ll send you an invite). 3. Code as much or as little as you feel is necessary to solve the challenge. It is an opportunity to demonstrate your coding approach /philosophy/knowledge. Whatever you create we will ask you about it and expect you to be able to talk around your approach. 4. The challenge is an opportunity to show what you know and how you work/communicate during a technical task. 5. The codebase should be saved to a git repo and pushed to a service like Github, kept private, and you should send us the link. 6. If you find you cannot finish the challenge, we would still encourage you to send as much of your solution as you have completed.
